Topics

Have you understood how the colors work?
The green means "I want this in the story, or I'd be glad to have it in game"
The yellow means "I might need a heads up and we should discuss it beforehand"
The red means "I will not play if this is involved. This cannot exist in the world of the story."


As per your question of "would most of the sensitive topics even come up?"
That is why they are listed in the form, I as the GM am not solely in control of the story, we all share it. So should, through gameplay, we approach one of these subjects/scenes I need to know in advance if that is or not okay with the people at the table.
Some of them are pre-written into the story, but if they aren't okay with the players, I will remove them.

You listed in your lines that you've read "Fire Punch", I have not read it but understand it to be quite heavy as far as manga goes. 
Did you enjoy reading it? Was it fun or just challenging? What aspects and themes stood out to you personally?

it was mostly challenging, but he enjoyed the grittiness and how much the action drove the plot rather than just lots of yapping doing it



In the social aspects section, some of your answers stood out to me. 
You listed yellow for everything under Romance and red under everything for Sex, but Green under everything for Bigotry.
Could you elaborate?

He doesnt want to be playing a dating sim, he wants to kill monsters, he isn't affected by said bigotry so he doesn't mind if it happens



The rest of the party are very into the social aspects of the game, both as in making connections and allies, but also romancing some of the npcs. Would that be something that would turn you off to the game?

So long as they don't expect him to be super invested in that, he doesnt mind. He like interparty dynamics and playing his character more than just talking to npcs.


Have you played through long campaigns? Or published modules?
What genre of stories and films interest you?

He very much wants to play a long game and is excited that MM is very dungeon heavy.